On Line 10, what is the value for x on the right side of the qual sign

answer is 0





On line 30, what is the value for x on the right side of the equals sign

answer is 7


On line 40, what is the value for x on the right side of the equals sign

answer is 14

------------
How?
------------

On line 60, because it doesn't find an int x yet, it goes outside of the scope of main and reassigns x to 0. But then it finds x = 7 on line 70 and so the local x is now 7. 

Since x is 7, when it calls function(x), it then multiplies it by 2 to get 14. But then it calls oTherFunction() which does not pass in an x. So OtherFunction() goes out of scope and finds that x=0 on the global factor and so 0 times 4 is 0. 



------------------------General Information---------

Pointer to each variable is used through 'this->'


Chapter 18
1. How is a pointer like an array? How is a pointer different than an array?
	Pointer is a memory address. It's like an array in that it keeps an idea of is position
	Pointer can point to an array. But you can dynamically allocat it

7. Where do pointers typically get their memory?
	They get it from the free-store. The heap, or dynamically allocated place

3. What are two limitations of arrays?
	fixed size and one type of thingy

4. What causes an input stream to fail?
	If it tries to read data of a different type than what it tries to read. Fails if it runs out of input. 

Chapter 11
1. How do you control the number of digits displayed on a double?
	setprecision
2. How do you control how many characters are displayed on the next output?
	setw


5. How do you typically give a pointer it’s address?
	You use the word 'new'

What is a pointer
	variable that holds an address

How is a struct different than a class
	a struct is public by default, a class is private by default

7. Why are constants ok to be declared in the global scope but not variables?
	constants can be global because they can't change. Global constants are nice because they can't be changed. Variables can lead to confusing code. Global bypasses security and that it is then bad. 

How do you read a file in
	ifstream.open
	ofstream

Three main iterations
	while, do while, something else

Pass by Reference Questions:
	Does the function need to modify the parameter
	Does the calling function need to know it was changed. 

	if yes, then pass by reference

accessors:
	getters
setters:
	way to change the private data


Know what exception is
	just an error
	
Abstraction
	idea of moving details out of the picture


Pre-test loop/post-test loop 
	pre test loop does it before (for and while))

		may never execute ever if false
	post test loop (do while)
		guaranteed to run at least once


How do you find a run time error
	the compiler finds it

linker errors come next

compiler errors
	you test the code

public and private are access modifiers